New abilities first commit (#36)
GameBrains/er-core: modules/experimental/pages/self-propelled-artillery.adoc

* Create a split Range value in which the first value is the minimum range and the second value is the maximum range.
Use the base unit's Range value as the minimum range, and double that for the maximum.
You may not shoot the unit at targets which are closer than the minimum.
* Add the {artillery} special ability.

.{self-propelled-artillery} data sheet modifier
====

> The Ork Gun Trukks (Lobba) unit is a Buggy unit with added {self-propelled-artillery} ability.
> 
> * While the base unit has a Range value of `30 cm`, that of the Gun Trukks (Lobba) unit `30 to 60 cm`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ork Gun Trukk (Lobba) unit is a Buggy base unit with added {self-propelled-artillery} ability.

* Whilst the base unit has a Range value of `30 cm`, that of the Gun Trukk (Lobba) unit is `30 to 60 cm`.
```

> * The Gun Trukks (Lobba) unit has the {artillery} special ability.
> // TODO: Similar to note at Flak Battery, can we find a better way to phrase how one ability incorporates the effects of another ability? I don't think that they should both be on the data sheet.
> // As with Flak Battery, Hero, and Siege, it should be added so that it can appear on the final calculated data sheet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Gun Trukk (Lobba) unit has the {artillery} ability.
```
